d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\Exemplo_DropZone.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\Exemplo_DropZone.pdb
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\obj\Debug\Exemplo_DropZone.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\obj\Debug\Exemplo_DropZone.dll
d:\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Exemplo_DropZone\Exemplo_DropZone\obj\Debug\Exemplo_DropZone.pdb
